It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China show, Manuela D'Rulerz with
David Ingles.
>> We are counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get to
your top stories today. Stocks across
the Asia Pacific dropping as oil and gas
prices are surging with [music] Iran and
Israel trading strikes on key Middle
East energy facilities. Now, Tehran says
sites across the Gulf are now legitimate
targets. The Fed holds rates and raises
its inflation outlook. Chair Jay Powell
citing uncertainty over the impact of
the war in Iran. Bonds as well set for
their worst month since 2024.
The implications of events in the Middle
East for [music] the US economy are
uncertain.
In the near term, higher energy prices
will push up overall inflation, but it
is too soon to know [music] the scope
and duration of the potential effects on
the economy.
Tencent shares are likely to drop in the
session today. That's after ADRs fell
the most in 5 months with a company
scaling back buybacks to spend more on
AI.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Uh welcome all to the program. We have
lots to get into today. Everything from
the latest in the Middle East, what's
happening in the energy markets, what
the Fed is how the Fed is looking at
what's going on there, and what that
means for the rates outlook, and of
course just the earning story here uh in
the Asia Pacific particularly in China.
Let me get started of course with Iran,
and it seems like the news flow
overnight and looking at how oil is
trading right now seems to have taken a
turn for the worst uh in terms of just
the energy infrastructure uh that's now
perhaps in play there. Yeah, I mean
there's been some really fascinating
comments coming out of this. Not only do
you have Asia being disproportionately
affected, but also some of the people
we've been speaking with are saying that
it's it's now hard to hard to see the
Qatar is coming back to the market
before the middle of the year, and even
that is maybe ambitious. So, it it is it
a problem that we haven't fully
estimated for or accounted for just yet
particularly as you said very much a
live situation. Right. You know, the
question going into I think at least in
over going into the last few days was
theoretically if the war ended say over
the next 24 hours from that point in
time, how quickly does energy supply
come back in, and how quickly does
energy that's simply just stopped make
its way to the global market, and I
think you have now doubts over that that
that that possibility coming to
fruition. And I think when you look at
what the Fed did and how they said it
overnight, they have still priced in a
cut
for the year.
Um bond markets look at how yields have
moved since that point in time are
clearly not believing they'll be able to
do that. Uh in fact right now going to
the Asia Pacific, we'll show you it
later on, uh that a cut is no longer
base case as far as rates markets go.
Yeah, and and again just so much
uncertainty, but just listen to to what
Jay Powell had to say.
The thing I really want to emphasize is
that nobody knows. You know, the
economic effect could be bigger, they
could be smaller, they could be much
smaller or much bigger. We just don't
know. So, people are writing down
something that seems to make sense to
them, but have no conviction that's that
you know, to your point. If we have high
uh you know, if we have a long period of
much higher gas prices, that's going to
weigh on consumption. That'll weigh on
disposable personal income,
and it'll weigh on consumption. But, we
don't know if that's going to happen. It
it something quite different than that.
We might have much lower than expected
pass-through.
So, there was a clear market reaction
off that. You saw yields moving higher
at the front end. You you saw stocks
moving lower. I think what's also
interesting uh is of course the earnings
that we're continuing to get through,
and Tencent was one of the really
notable ones after the session
yesterday.
And I thought the numbers that there was
actually a lot to like in the numbers,
but but investors still were really
focusing in on the negatives here, and
and and of course it's that big AI spend
that we're going to get. How much does
that impact their profit margins, and
that seems to be maybe the reason you
saw a bit of a pullback in ADRs. Yeah, I
think that yeah, you're right. The
narrative was because they're taking
some of the money that actually helped
prop the stock up and keep the stock up
the buybacks. They're taking it from
that. Uh but yeah, the dynamic of being
punished for CapEx seems to be working
in against the Tencent story. And you
know, a lot of the guests that we've
talked to, and one of the ones we're
coming on as well, is that the the the
market is focused on the wrong thing. Uh
when you look at the fact in Tencent.
Anyway, we'll look at Tencent in a
moment because there's that that's
really going to add to the risk worries
uh that are worries across the markets
today on top of the strong dollar, the
Philippine peso uh that's coming up if
not already uh has has weakened through
that 60 per dollar level, which the
central bank and very clearly in fact
when you talk to authorities there have
really moved to defend and really become
active in. And yeah, as things open in
Manila, dollar peso as you can see right
through that 60 handle. And I wonder
right now whether they're going to come
in and soothe these market moves given
all the volatility that's taking place
here, Bill. No, it's just going to say
on the currency front as well. We
actually just saw the Korean won moving
past that 1,500 level as well. So,
there's very clear effects implications
from this of of what's happening in the
Middle East. Yeah, absolutely. Energy
importers
EM energy importers
are really going to get hit today. So,
in fact, you know, you use a weak
currency like the peso to buy oil in
dollars, and when you look at oil today,
this is the visual integration of
effectively how it feels to pull your
nose hair. There you go. That's the pain
you're feeling across these markets.
We're up 3 to 6% on energy prices today.
Yes, we are back above 110 on Brent. The
dollar's coming through dollar yen. So,
we talked about round numbers.
A lot of central bank decisions today.
The BOJ is next on deck. Now, we have
Taiwan, and then we move to Europe where
the ECB and the Bank of England. When
you look at now coin toss odds for the
Fed to cut interest rates this year, 160
speaking of round numbers is one to
watch on dollar yen. Europe, let's have
a look at that and how we're trading
across that market there. So, that is
really the pain point across. We're down
1.7%
on futures there. Let's have a look at
how we're trading across the region.
Nikkei, Kospi, Taiwan,
and US futures coming on your screens.
We're down 3% in Japan. Overnight also a
terrible session when you look at the
Golden Dragon Index, the how the ETF
traded in the US.
Tencent obviously going to be very much
in focus. That's how the ADRs traded
overnight, mind you. We're likely to see
some further pressure in the cash
markets today, and in fact futures
coming up on your screens. Yes, there we
go. We are down 1% on E50 futures in the
opening minutes on the back of
everything that's taken place in the
Middle East. Yeah, let's get more on
that now because as you said, really one
of the top lines uh today is that Qatar
has reported extensive damage to the Ras
Laffan Industrial City. It has is the
world's largest LNG export plant. For
more on this, let's bring in Bloomberg
reporter Dan Murtaugh who joins us this
morning from Beijing. So, Dan, let's
just get to to the significance of this
and and how you're reading the market
moves off the back.
Yeah, it's really hard to understate or
overstate, sorry, the significance of
it. The Qatar accounts for 20% of global
LNG exports. Now, we don't know yet
what part of the Ras Laffan Industrial
Complex was damaged. In addition to the
LNG plant, there is also an oil
refinery, there's storage tanks, there's
a couple other facilities on there. So,
the market's going to be waiting with
bated breath for more news on extensive
in details on what's in what's uh what's
damaged, how long it's going to take to
repair, and when are they going to get
production going up again. And that last
part is the really important part
because you look at the global gas
market, we were expecting this year it
to fall into this huge oversupply with
new plants coming online in Qatar, but
also in the US, other places that would
have been brought lower gas prices,
lower energy prices to emerging markets
like Thailand, like Pakistan. Now, this
is completely reversing that.
Um you know, in the near term, the the
plant was shut down because of the
attacks in Iran already, uh but now
we're looking at potentially months if
not longer of a shutdown, which would
completely flip that oversupply into an
undersupply for this year. That would
have long-term effects on emerging
markets all across Asia.
Yeah, Dan, can you talk more about that?
The exposure of
Asian economies in in in as far as what
the inventories are currently, how long
how many months are we talking about,
and who's the most exposed in the region
in the event that takes longer
to heal?
Yeah, Qatar sends most of its exports to
Asia. You know, the biggest are the
countries you'd expect like China, but
but China's actually not very exposed
because it has
big domestic production, gets pipeline
gas from Russia. If you look in terms of
percentage,
we're look talking about markets like
Taiwan, India, Pakistan. Those guys you
know, fifth a quarter of their total gas
consumption comes from that Qatari
plant. And so, they're looking at major
hits and having to spend a lot of money
to replenish those, or you know, the
other option is you don't replenish
them, and you tell your factories,
"Sorry, you know, but we're going to
have to to curtail your gas use." That
can have ripple effects all across their
economies.
What about also what we heard from the
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as
well about other energy sites that could
be targeted not just in Qatar, but Saudi
Arabia, the UAE?
Is the market also reacting to to that,
or you think it's predominantly this
plant now being taken offline for for a
lot longer than perhaps maybe had been
anticipated?
We're certainly seeing, you know, the
the oil market is giving a little bit of
a response to these widespread attacks
and just the idea that the whole
situation there is clearly not
anywhere closer to resolution than it
was when we went to sleep the night
before. But, you know, it's not just
this Qatar plant. It's obviously the
single most important that but there's a
huge gas processing facility in Abu
Dhabi that's shut after it got hit by a
debris from an intercepted missile.
Saudi Arabia
you know, announced some some incoming
missiles that it intercepted. So, the
the attacks on energy infrastructure are
spreading. And that all started
earlier yesterday when Israel hit Iran's
biggest gas field, the South Pars field,
which you know, supplies most of its
country and also exports to Turkey and
Iraq. So, you know, up until now most of
the threat has been just on the Strait
of Hormuz blocking off any kind of
energy coming in. But, now there's this
new threat of actual energy facilities
getting hit and and shutting down for
weeks, months, maybe longer.
Dan, thank you. Dan Murtaugh there with
a lead test on what's moving markets
today with the spike in energy prices.
The other thing we're tracking this hour
is the likely pressure we'll see on
shares of Tencent hence also futures are
down about 1%. The company's planning to
at least double its investments in AI
this year to more than 5.2 billion
dollars underscoring this big bets on
open class style agents. Min-Liang Lo
has been pouring over the details of the
results and markets don't seem to be
liking at least one part of those
results. Yeah, I think to Belle's point
actually we got a very solid set of
results. It's the fifth consecutive
month a quarter rather of double digit
gains in revenue particularly boosted by
its cash cow which is the gaming segment
which surpassed expectations
particularly its international gaming
segment. But again, there's been a lot
of focus on AI right particularly with
this open claw moment and this the the
frenzy around that. And the company is
saying they're doubling their investment
in AI. Last year it spent 18 billion
yuan in its large language model and its
chat GPT like app called Yuanbao. So,
this this means that this year it might
spend at least 36 billion yuan but
that's still
very little little compared to what
Alibaba has announced. At the same time
of course, how is it going to monetize
that is the question because that's
going to drag on profit as well. And the
company has said that it's going to
reduce share buybacks as a way to raise
those funds for the investments. That
could be why many analysts are cutting
back their price targets. At the same
time I think there was a lack of clarity
at the earnings call call yesterday in
terms of what sort of investment target
what sort of products are they investing
into what sort of targets when it comes
to talent acquisition. What is the
timeline for the rollout of their own
agent agentic AI service on WeChat. So,
it's just not enough to wet investors'
appetite.
Yeah, still find it interesting though
because out of any of the the big tech
in China you could say that Tencent is
probably one of the best positioned to
create
agentic agents. But anyway, Alibaba as
you said, I mean they've had a much
bigger capex spend on AI in the past.
What do you think we're going to get out
of these results later today?
So, Alibaba they have two big business
segments, right? One is the e-commerce
and the other is cloud. So, e-commerce
we are expecting a bit of a drag on its
profits because of the expansion into
quick commerce, the battle with Meituan.
It's been spending a lot on promotions.
It's going to be better better than the
first half of the year. There's a bit of
stabilization in market share there but
still not going to be great for the
profits. But when you talk about cloud,
there has been it's always been very
strong growth for Alibaba. So, we want
to see if that momentum continues
particularly when there has been strong
demand for AI computing power.
And of course again, whether they will
revise upwards their AI capex spending
as well. And for Alibaba it's been a a
leader when it comes to large language
model but it hasn't yet translate that
into a commercial lead. So again, how
are they going to monetize that is a big
question. Min-Liang, thank you.
Min-Liang Lo our China correspondent
there. We're counting down to the open
of markets 16 minutes away. So, we're
looking at Alibaba set to report.
Tencent has reported. We're looking at
shares likely to drop at about the open
today. [music]
And of course we're looking at all the
breaking news coming through including
some of the weakness in the EMFX space.
Like the Philippine peso [music] is now
trading above the key 60 per dollar
level.
Lots to get into. The opening bell 15
minutes away. This is the China [music]
show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> A50 [music] futures are down. Okay,
we're now session lows on that one 1.2%
[clears throat]
at the downside. The fix is just out.
Most of the heavyweights are indicated
lower. AIA, Tencent just mind you,
right? The only
drop beyond 5% we've had in the last 12
months was during liberation day.
We're likely to test that superlative
today. We're looking at we were at 550
yesterday. We're looking at 522 going
into the session today. So, it's
not going to be a good one if you're
long these assets. Right. A lot of that
also has to do with the fact that the
Fed might not be able to cut interest
rates this year. In fact, we've now gone
to
or so of a cut before the end of this
year. Right side of your screens is the
monthly performance
of the Bloomberg Aggregate Index which
tracks of course fixed income. And
currently as things stand we are set for
the worst month since in about [snorts]
17 or 18 months. So, it's yeah, not not
not encouraging.
Yeah, well, let's get more on this. I'll
bring in Gordon Sweeney. He's managing
director and head of fixed income at
Ping An of China Asset Management Hong
Kong. So, Gordon I mean yeah, Dave just
laid it out there for us. Obviously it
really it's a very much a live situation
trying to to recalibrate where the Fed
goes just given the the uncertainty
around energy, the the uncertainty
around what that means for inflation.
But but how are you thinking about the
situation and the outlook as well? Thank
you, Annabelle. In fact, the Fed is
doing its job of
you know, dealing with this uncertainty
because of the Iranian war. When the
inflation is going up, I think the Fed
maintained
you know,
stay put and then we keep the market
that they will do their job to keep
inflation in check. I think they are
doing the a very good job.
The the Treasury market US Treasuries
have
obviously acted as expected given break
evens moving up. Is this a buying
opportunity? No, I expect the 30-year
bond yield will go up about 5% and I
will not buy because right now the US is
in the center of this Iranian conflict.
And the military spending it can go up
in the order of trillions. If you look
at the Iraqi conflict from 2003
for 10 years. Who knows how long it will
last?
So then where are the the the havens
then in this sort of environment? What
are you actually looking to?
From a high level
right now the local currency for the
major economies that did not participate
in the first round of this attack like
Japan, like UK. They will be
you know,
attractive to the local investors. They
have large savings pool to buy their own
government bonds. The
I wonder if
so we know
we know US President Trump
and I think by experience looking at
what happened in April of last year. He
listens to the bond markets more than he
does to the equity markets. Has the bond
market sold off enough
to get him to listen to back off what's
going on Iran whether that's pricing in
inflation or pricing in a prolonged
conflict and them needing to expand
spending. How do you look at that
because that then affects everything
else beyond where you are in the
Treasury curve? That's right. In fact,
from a rational expectations of theory
in fact the bond market is pricing in
this military spending as well as the
tariff. Now it is gone. Nobody talks
about it. And the ongoing cost from
those are returning. It will be adding
up. So, right now in fact the government
maybe the Trump administration they need
some sort of signal. Even the
anti-terrorism head
Joe Kent could not convince Trump to
back off.
So, I you know, we the bond investors
maybe having to take this role.
How does the the fact that obviously Jay
Powell's term is ending soon Kevin Warsh
it's still he's not confirmed just yet.
They don't have enough votes either for
that. How does that also complicate the
trajectory do you think? I welcome you
know, Jerome Powell taking this role as
chairman pro tem because at least we
remove one uncertainty we have to
pre-date what is the reaction function
of Kevin Warsh. If you look at the past
change of guard at the Fed
Ben Bernanke global financial crisis
ensued. And then Janet Yellen the 2015
you know, even the stock market has some
volatility. And Jerome Powell's own term
when he started it was the
Christmas day you know, massacre in
2018. So, for us I think uh
his term extends to maybe later this
year. It actually removes one
uncertainty. Oh, okay. That's something
not a lot of people should would be
expecting. Maybe just to follow on this
track of good news we're talking about
here. Private credit's been acting up
quite a bit and spreads have been I
wouldn't say blowing up in the public
markets. We've seen them widen. Can I
make a connection between what's
happening in the IG space and worries in
private credit specifically and how how
do you think that's going to affect the
public fixed income? In fact, I had uh
have a bond portfolio um about 1 billion
uh in the US investment grade corporate.
So, all these hyper scalers are bonds
are inside these uh index. We have to
Are you sure they're all investment
grade? Just to just I need to cover my
bases.
>> Many of them has still have a positive
cash flow. Okay. But, from you know, my
existing strategy, we have to keep zero
rating. Because right now, when they are
coming to the market,
what
the spreads will be widen widening due
to this new issuance pipeline. We will
participate in the
in the new issue, catch up and be a few
pips, $1 for these uh long dated. But,
we need to be tactical and buy
immediately sell it.
Mhm. Are you thinking about issuance
then of dim sum bonds?
Chinese Chinese companies issuing
offshore.
In fact, uh like Tencent or maybe
Alibaba, in the past, they relied on the
US dollar credit market. But, now,
it is the national policy for them to
help grow the dim sum bond market. They
are doing this job. I think uh
they will just issue maybe long dated
even 30-year dim sum bond and then help
grow the cross currency swap market, the
CNH versus US dollar cross currency swap
market, and take this US dollar after
using this uh swap market and do M&A of
these offshore, you know, overseas
acquisitions just like in the past.
And what opportunities do you think
specific opportunities you think foreign
investors should be looking at in the
CNH market? I mean, it's all the
you know, all the gyrations we're seeing
outside. If you look at the Bloomberg
dim sum bond index in CNH term, it is
performing. But, if you look at the US
dollar
translated return, it is even better, up
2%. So, the renminbi bond is
helping investors to diversify away from
the US dollar market. And I think in the
down the road in 3 years time, it can
grow to 10 trillion from the current 1.6
trillion. That's a that's a very
significant increase.
What would be the the sort of catalyst
for that and and why do you have such a
significant target? Right now, the
onshore bond market is 160 trillion.
While the Hong Kong, you know, offshore
market including other centers only 1.6
trillion, only 1%. If the government,
for example, mandate this onshore large
asset owners to allocate like 10% of
their onshore bond exposure to this dim
sum bond market, it's already surpassing
this uh 3-year goal. And I think Hong
Kong domiciled asset managers can help
these onshore Chinese investors to grow
this market. Uh final question. We
started off with Iran and energy and
inflation. I want to end on that if it's
okay. So, we're halfway through March.
It's been challenging obviously for
fixed income. Do you think we should be
prepared for inflation
globally? In fact, uh every day, the gas
price at the pump is up 5 cents per day
in the US dollar. And uh right now, I
think uh compared to the state of the
Union that Donald Trump read, it's up
already more than, you know, $1 or so.
So, I
people should expect shortage as well as
maybe food crisis if this war war is
prolonged. Because all these urea, the
fertilizers, they are missing the
spring, you know, sowing season.
There is no use to just uh use these
fertilizers in the coming months for
India, for the major, you know,
agricultural countries. It It is a
disaster. And also, not to talk about
the environmental, you know, pollution
problem.
Okay. Well,
um nothing personal. I feel more
depressed after speaking with you,
Gordon.
Uh thank you so much. It's a good thing
you're wearing a very nice colored suit.
There we go. Just to add to a little bit
maybe the juxtapose. Gordon Swaby there,
of course, managing director, head of
fixed income at Ping An of China Asset
Management in Hong Kong. Really real on
the situation and where
uh
this is probably headed looking at
prices right now.
>> [snorts]
>> Right. Tencent shares. We've been
tracking this. We are down 4%
in the early goings. AIA did announce a
buyback. Shares are also down. And Weibo
tracking what we had on Wall Street
overnight also down about then about
10%. Oil and gas in China very much in
focus, too.
Yeah, that's right, of course, cuz we're
seeing a big spike in in energy energy
names essentially energy prices. And no
surprise then you've got those companies
that are moving higher off the back.
Just quick check on HSBC as well given
we had a really interesting Bloomberg
scoop coming down the last hour so. But,
essentially looking at perhaps some
really significant job cuts
due to AI and and the productivity gains
they can make from that. We'll get more
of the pre-market ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right. Welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're counting down
that much amount of time to the Thursday
open.
If you're long these markets,
couple of things, maybe just close your
eyes.
If you're set to look at your gas power
bills,
maybe to borrow a phrase from the late
Bob Marley, turn your lights down low
looking at how this is going to affect
[music] us all downstream given what's
taking place there in the in the Middle
East. We're set to open lower by 2% here
in Hong Kong. Yeah, it's it seems like
maybe it's really starting to show up
now the seriousness of what's happening
in the Middle East because we had
[music] investors that were sort of
shrugging it off after President Trump's
comments that the war would end quickly.
But, now of course, it's that assessment
that seems to be taking [music] hold.
Maybe it won't. And then you're seeing
that really much reflected in trading
activity and also of course, what
happened with the Fed overnight because
they had to change their expectations
around easing and only one cut being
priced in if you take a look what's
being indicated in options or swaps. I
mean, it's way back down to around a 45%
odd of that even happening at all. So,
So, yes, investors are rethinking the
situation essentially of what's
happening in the Middle East and the
implications. Asia of course is
particularly affected by this even
though of course China a little bit more
insulated just given its huge amount of
reserves. And we are seeing Chinese
ships that had at least been managing to
pass through the Strait of Hormuz. But,
we are seeing stocks that are that are
coming online in the red this morning.
So, you've got the broader gauge here
off 1% so far in the session. Big spike
though there you have for Shanghai crude
up 7.8%
again. It speaks to that energy um
energy story story rather given you've
had Qatar for instance reporting
extensive damage at at what is the
world's largest LNG plant. And we have
as well seen seen oil and gas prices
surging off the back. But, otherwise, we
do have stocks that are very much in the
red today being led. You can see that
the likes of Camborne for instance down
2%. But, let's now take a look at Hong
Kong because we have this market coming
online this morning. And we are again
really seeing the
very much broad-based selling
essentially. There aren't too many
stories to like here today. Tencent's
actually really interesting one. We'll
get more on this in just a moment. But,
we did actually have it
reporting earnings. And and as we've
been discussing, really a lot to like
out of those numbers in terms of of the
actual headline numbers, you know, beats
essentially. But, investors are a little
bit concerned about the spending on
AI rather. And we are seeing that stock
just dropping there. Xiaomi, you can see
it's actually gaining 2.6% more models
being released. So, that is actually
helping their shares this morning.
Mhm. Quick check on the oil and gas
stocks. As we said, we have actually
seen those gaining in pre-market and
that is holding into the session so far.
Yeah, and you can see why, right? 3 and
1/2% on Brent crude
bottom of your screen. Let's stick it
back to Tencent. So, we're now set 5%
drop should be the biggest drop in
11 months. You got to wonder whether or
not this is simply just a short-term
reaction in markets given that,
you know, buybacks were a fairly decent
feature in in share price conversations.
And whether or not because they're
dipping into that into that specific
jar to fund the AI trade is is
um a bad thing or or or a good thing. I
don't know. I don't know what to believe
these days. Uh John Shao is with us out
of New York, China tech analyst at
Barclays.
Uh markets, you say are John are focused
on the wrong thing. What is the right
thing these days?
Uh first off, thank you for having me.
Um
I think the investment in in this
particular AI arena is a great thing.
It's not just a good thing. Um but, you
know, just you guys were just talking
about Tencent numbers, right? The
results were very strong. It beat across
the board. Revenue growth of 13, 14%
with profit growth of high teens. So,
there was nothing wrong with the
numbers. But, that's not where uh
the most interesting thing is. The most
interesting thing is that
there's only one word that is open claw.
Now, for some of your viewers may still
remember 15 years ago, um
Tencent came out with WeChat.
And WeChat is driving
a bulk of Tencent business today.
And and we think this this open claw
phenomena in Tencent's case is called QQ
claw with a few other products
is equivalent
to that WeChat moment 15 years ago,
right? Jensen Huang
from Nvidia said I think yesterday or
the day before and their global GTC
saying that open claw is equivalent
to HTML. I mean without HTML, there's no
website. And he also said open claw is
equivalent to the chat GPT moment. So we
think for Tencent to go all in in open
claw is not just a good thing, it's a
great thing.
And and when you look across the China
tech landscape because obviously
they're not the only ones that are
pursuing
some sort of agentic AI, but but just
talk to us about
the positioning of of Tencent in this
landscape and and why it's actually
probably better or the best positioned
as well.
Great question.
So before the open claw, Tencent was
often viewed as
a late comer, right? The management said
themselves on the public call that they
were not early on in their large
language model and their model may not
be considered the very best
in China.
But the overall problem is that before
open claw, the entire industry was
having difficulty in figuring out how to
monetize this large language model
because the model can solve some amazing
math problems, can code software, has
nothing to do with most people's lives.
So open claw almost acts as a web
browser that came out
30 years ago. That's sort of the bridge
to allow regular workers or just
consumer users to use the
power of AI of for this large language
models in their daily lives and in in in
their productivity enhancement tasks.
Now, this becomes a
a sort of
equalizer
because all of sudden
Tencent has something they can
put their arms around to create this
sort of apps or or the AI agents to
leverage the power of not only their own
large language model, but also other
people's large language model as well.
And as we all know
Tencent is absolutely the best in terms
of the
producing
and marketing the consumer or facing
apps or user facing apps in China for
sure.
Again, some of your
viewers may still remember
they were not the first one who came out
with this chat app like WeChat, right?
They were not the first, but they become
now WeChat is ubiquitous in China today.
Can you just can you just
spell it out for us though the actual
monetization side because we know that
consumers in China have a low propensity
to pay, but but where is the ROI here?
Is it that you're drawing more users
into the Tencent ecosystem? Where
exactly are they generating revenue?
So the bulk of the
in the whole open claw phenomena is
going to be the revenue and a 10 is
going to be in the enterprise space.
China has never had a software industry.
As a result, never had really has a had
a SaaS industry, that's software as a
service.
But now
with this
AI agents, particularly these AI agents
developed upon this open claw platform
it it China may leapfrog the whole
sort of software and a SaaS industry to
have this
sort of upgraded version of of of SaaS
for the Chinese businesses and large and
small.
Now even for the consumers
it's hard to to ask them to pay you
know, $20 or 20 RMB if you just give
them some sort of a upgraded version of
search like that most chatbots are.
But if you
provide them some AI agent, become a
digital agent of
for them for their daily lives, makes
their life a lot easier to do things,
not just to give them the answers for
things
I think the willingness to pay is
significantly higher and as you probably
know, a bunch of these Chinese internet
companies already come out with pricing
mechanism
for this for their own claw, no matter
if
Alibaba's JVC claw or it's
it's Tencent Q claw or or MiniMax Max
claw, there's a there's a monthly
subscription fee now for for for their
cloud products.
So
clearly you're bullish on the stock,
sir.
Um Tencent's current market cap is about
600 billion that's US dollars.
Uh Alphabet just a as a broad comparison
is 3.7 trillion. So it's multiple times
larger than Tencent. How much do you
think Tencent should be worth?
Um so for the Chinese stocks in general
um or for the emerging market
in general, the multiples are a lot
lower. Uh that's just fact of life at
least in today's market.
Um I think our target price for Tencent
based on some of our valuation analysis
to use some of the parts
to come up with a number and our target
price is about 100 US, which is about
780 Hong Kong. I think there's a lot
upside
from from current current stock price.
Another thing um to add to what I said
earlier about the monetization
because of this
claw agents
consume so many more tokens from these
models. So all of sudden the token
demand
has skyrocketed. You already start to
see companies like Tencent, Alibaba, and
Baidu are raising their prices because
they simply cannot make enough token to
satisfy the demand from these claw
agents. That's another key way to
monetize at least in the very near term
because the demand is already there.
It's today you can make money today.
Yeah, I want to ask you about that
actually, Jong, because yesterday for
instance you mentioned Alibaba, we saw
that price hike on its cloud side or a
cloud product of more than 30%.
How how much should we read into that
given again coming back to that
propensity to pay and these have
essentially been loss-making loss-making
units or or or or areas of the business?
So the fact they are able to raise
prices as as you just mentioned earlier
Chinese consumers and Chinese
enterprises
they don't like to pay for a lot of
services and enterprise the reason China
hasn't had a software industry or SaaS
is because these enterprises
have been unwilling to pay for the
software. But the fact now they're
willing to pay and there are so many
tokens generated because of the services
and that's allowed them to raise prices
and it is a rare incidence
when Chinese companies all of sudden
raise prices. That's a validation of the
entire industry going forward.
Yeah, particularly given Bill's point
earlier, Jongshao, that you know, price
sensi- price sensitivity among Chinese
consumers.
Uh can I just ask maybe come full circle
here? It's been a while since we spoke
and I think the re-emerge or the
emergence recently of some new names in
the AI space
MiniMax, Zhipu, people are trying to
figure out which horse to bet on. Um
it's frankly confusing to many people
what types of companies do what and what
is the best AI. So how are you looking
at this new cohort of of of AI plays in
China? Uh where do you think things sit
along that spectrum then?
Right. Uh
it's very very interesting topic. I
think things are changing.
Up until quarter month ago, a lot of
these AI labs around the world, big or
small, they're still competing against
each other on oh, my models are better
than yours and my model have so many
more parameters and and all that stuff.
But at the same time they were
uh having difficult time to monetize.
Now
because of this claw bots, this surge in
claw bot adoption and surge in token
demand and you have heard some of the
private companies that like such as
Moonshot, they they sold more tokens in
20 days than the entire year 2025. So no
wonder those stocks
have skyrocketed as well. I believe
MiniMax has been up 5x since I view. Now
going forward, it become a little bit
risky situation
because back to what I said about the
open claw architecture because for the
claw bot
the underlying models can be easily
switched in and out.
So today if one of the smaller AI labs
had the best model, maybe my claw
bot uses this AI particular model and I
pay them a lot of money.
But if tomorrow
Tencent, Alibaba, or anybody else,
another unknown company
comes out with a better model, I can
easily switch to that. So then you say,
okay, what's the residual value for your
model? How likely you can be always be
the best? It's not likely in tech world,
things change all the time. So what's
become more valuable is that okay
who controls a user? Who has that
relationship with end users? This back
to the Tencent discussion is that
Tencent or anybody else, ByteDance
perhaps, is that if they have the
strongest connectivity
with the users.
>> Mhm. And the lightning model, doesn't
matter which model. They can switch them
out anytime they want to, right? So, the
value will reside in whoever controls
that connectivity, not in the models
itself.
Yeah, fascinating. You really need that
ecosystem. Uh Junk Shao, it's really
great to have you this evening. Thanks
for staying up for us. That was the
China tech analyst at Barclays in New
York there. And just a quick look at uh
Asian markets as we head into the break
this morning. Of course, uh 15 minutes
into trading for Mainland equities, and
we are seeing moves to the downside.
More ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> HSBC down 2 and 1/2% in the first 16
minutes of the cash market here. The
bank is said
to be mulling uh weighing a wave of deep
job cuts over the coming years as the
CEO Georges Elhedery is betting on AI to
shrink its middle and back office
footprint. Yeah, let's get more on this
now. Bringing out finance editor Adam
Hay. So, Adam, really great scoop from
the team this morning. Lay out for us
exactly,
I mean, we've just sort of highlighted
there the number of job cuts and the
reasons why, but just give us more
context on on on exactly how this has
come about.
Yeah, well, I think really the the the
big point here is just how kind of early
stage this is in in in planning terms,
but, you know, potentially could be
impacting, you know, 20,000 people of
their the global workforce of 210,000.
So, clearly a a very significant number
of people. And really this is around
kind of using these new technologies to
kind of revamp the way that uh
structurally they think about middle and
back office roles within within the
bank. Um
and of course, Elhedery, since he joined
in 2024, has been, you know, revamping
the bank in in many ways. And and
investors to a large degree have been
rewarding him for for for doing that.
You've seen a real um rephire in the in
the stock price. So, in many ways, this
is kind of an extension of his overhaul
plan. And um although it
we understand that it's not something
that's um you know, coming imminently,
and it indeed is still in the planning
stage. It speaks to the long-term
restructuring of how he's thinking about
this this bank still being um
essentially, you know, too large from a
from a cost perspective. And this is one
element of how they can continue to
address those those costs and um and and
give investors more um bang for their
buck.
Yeah, and I was I was I was about to say
that that's that's right. I mean, people
have been talking about this specific
stock as if it was it was the new
Nvidia. And really, when you look at how
it's ripped, it it it in some ways it
is. Have we heard from the bank, Adam,
in terms of
uh have they responded to
uh what they're said to have been
mulling?
No, no, they're they're they're
declining to to comment at at this
stage, which which you would expect from
from from you know, a story that
potentially could impact staff of of
this kind of magnitude, and especially
because it's still in the consideration
stage. Um so, I don't think we'll be
hearing anything officially from from
them uh in a response for the time
being, but I think really, you know,
it's it's one of the the real latest
examples of just how the finance
industry is readjusting to AI becoming
kind of just kind of ingrained in a lot
of the daily workflows, but also um how
much and how kind of deep it goes in
terms of
um you know, restructuring large parts
of of organizations where manpower can
either be moved or shifted to to other
areas and and replaced by some of the
real advances in technology that we're
seeing.
Yeah, I found it interesting in this
story as well that that you cited this
statistic from a survey that we'd done
on Bloomberg Intelligence had done with
CIOs and also CTOs. And and generally,
the average is for head count reductions
of around 3%. So,
is does that just tell us that banking
is is is more exposed, I guess, to to to
uh productivity gains from AI?
I think as we're as we're seeing, you
know, this is a space that's developing
very quickly. So, forecasts that were
made 6 to 12 months ago are already
feeling, you know, somewhat out of date.
And I think even just kind of outside
the finance sector, what you're seeing
recently with uh some of the cuts that
are happening in the in in the tech
space, that, you know, that the kind of
some of the Australian companies Block
and WiseTech and those kind of those
kind of firms, you know, a lot of this
is is ramping up um at a slightly faster
pace than many people had appreciated
even coming into 2026, I would I would
suggest. So, so some of these estimates
are quite quite quickly out of out of
date. Um they just because of the fact
that the technology is moving so quickly
and companies are moving so quickly to
be able to implement it uh and really
revamp their businesses. So, um I think
what's happening here also also speaks
to that, that the speed of change here
is is really quite surprising to a lot
of people.
Adam, thanks so much for joining us. And
as we said, really great scoop from from
the team this morning. That's our
finance editor Adam Hay joining us. And
let's go back to some other world news
that we're tracking this morning. India
is sending additional warships to the
Middle East to ensure the [music] safe
passage of its vessels in anticipation
that Iran may allow more of its fuel
tankers to exit the Strait of Hormuz.
Sources have told Bloomberg the Indian
Navy is deploying over half a dozen
warships [music] as a precautionary
measure. Their mission will be to escort
vehicles until they [music] reach safer
waters in the northern Arabian Sea.
FGE says China is close [music] to
tapping its commercial oil reserves as
the war in Iran shows no signs of
ending. The analyst says a drawdown
[music] in commercial and operational
stockpiles of to 1 million barrels a day
may happen over the next 4 to 6 weeks.
[music]
Beijing has built up an estimated 1.4
billion barrels of reserves that could
be tapped if the Strait of Hormuz
remains effectively [music] shut. Yeah,
we know you have a lot of questions out
there. So, in a couple of minutes, we
are doing this live [music] Q&A
on what President Trump's uh Hormuz
pressure means really for
uh the region, energy security, short
and longer-term prices [music] perhaps.
If you're one of our digital uh
subscribers or terminal subscribers, you
can be able, of course, to ask [music]
our team some questions then. It's
happening uh at the top of the next
hour. It's also worth pointing out that
we also are continuing the conversation
[music] here on Bloomberg TV
on the specific topic of gas. That's
coming up next.
This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Right. Uh just for some other news we're
tracking across these markets. You're
looking at casinos casino [music]
stocks. Morgan Stanley downgrading uh
some of these names here on the back of
effectively lower lower growth as far as
the outlook is concerned here. Uh on top
of this, uh it's really take your pick
uh
really from this pessim you know, a
pessimist's guide to markets today.
Uh whether that's higher rates, higher
energy prices, earnings that were
actually good when you look at the
Tencent beat.
Uh but the focus was really on AI spend.
That might be just positioning too. Uh
who knows? Uh so, we're down 2% on MSCI
China. Hang Seng Tech is down 1 and
1/2%. Uh and we are continuing to see
the steeping in in the curve, quite
literally, right? The one year is down,
10 year is up. Uh to the upside, 30 year
is up as well here to [music] 2.4%. Lots
of central bank decisions to tell you
about as well today. The Bank of Japan,
possibly in the next [music] 60 minutes,
possibly. On top of that,
uh yeah, Taiwan, you have the ECB
and the Bank [music] of England. So,
lots to get into in the next hour of the
China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show this
morning. Taking a look at the Hang Seng
half an hour into the session. Look, it
is a beautiful day in Hong Kong, you
have to say, but
>> Mhm. there is a significant amount of
pain that we're seeing across the board,
really. Of course, it's this rethinking
around around not just the energy
prices, the inflation outlook, you have
the Fed decision. There's lots for
investors to to be clinging to this
morning, Dave.
Yeah, and you know, the fact that you
are hearing from central banks, and they
themselves
do not know how this is going to play
out, right? It's a timing duration
thing. And I think Fed Fed chair Jay
Powell overnight said
it it's really uncertain how this will
eventually affect the consumer,
[clears throat] right? And whether or
not,
you know, in bond investors who are
clearly looking at inflation and not so
much demand at this point, can't see
through that veneer of inflation and see
slow down at the end, right? And I think
when you look at what's happening with
the energy markets right now, it's
understandable why you're getting rate
cuts being pushed back, if not fully
priced out. You are getting tightening
being pulled in. Uh you have the ECB,
you have the Bank of England, you had
the RBA early this week. And of course,
the Fed, when you look at pricing right
now, it's below coin toss odds right now
of even a single rate cut from this
point in time through the end of this
year. But it is a moving target, and
certainly the question right now is if
you flip the page and look at the equity
market iteration
of this energy price move,
uh is really to what extent
theoretically if the war ended tomorrow,
to what extent that we get oil, energy,
gas specifically supply into the Asia
Pacific quickly up and running. Or is
there some sort of permanence to the
damage across energy infrastructure in
in in the Middle East? So, this is how
Asia looks on a sector basis. So, we're
down about, let's call it
1.7% on price. Volumes are on the lower
side of things. And the pinpoint are
basically everything else.
Communication services, that's that's 10
that's a 10 cent story. There's
obviously the financial story with with
HSBC.
And yeah, guess what? Green, that that's
your energy complex right now. So, the
only big winner so far in the equity
markets understandably so given the this
massive spike again we're seeing in
energy prices today, Bell.
Yeah, let's get more on that now because
as we said, the top story today very
much is is Qatar reporting extensive
damage to to the Ras Laffan industrial
city which does house the world's
largest LNG export plant. Our BI team or
Bloomberg Intelligence says the
shutdown's going to take about 7 million
tons of LNG out of the global markets
each month. Let's get more now our
analysis now with Leslie Paltry Goodman,
founder and president of advisory firm
Energy Vista. So, Leslie, thanks very
much for for joining us this evening.
Talk to us about about the the impact
and the significance of this because as
we're really seeing today reflected in
markets, investors are are very much
rethinking it seems the the
broader impact and and how long this
also might last.
What happened today with the fires and
the strike on the Ras Laffan
is putting further away the
normalization of Qatari LNG flows and
the comeback of their cargoes into the
global energy markets. So, before the
strikes, we could potentially see a
restart within two three two months, you
know, maybe 15 million tons removed from
the market. But depending on the scale
of the damage, now, you know, I'm
planning for maybe four five months of
further delay.
And that would mean, you know, double
the amount of LNG. So, potentially up to
30 million tons of LNG being removed
from the market.
So, Leslie, David here. So, that let's
call it half a year.
In the meantime, and clearly that's
going to drive prices higher. In the
meantime, what do you think's going on
in as far as economies and trying to
scramble for supplies? What are you
hearing? What are you seeing?
Yeah, so we're going to see an
acceleration of potential demand
destruction. I'm looking especially at
Southeast Asia and countries like
Bangladesh or South Asia, Bangladesh,
Pakistan,
India that are very dependent on Qatari
LNG. But they're also very price
sensitive.
So, any increase in the spot LNG price
will mean that they won't be able to
compensate with spot LNG all the missing
Qatari cargoes and they will have to
find alternatives with other fuels. It
may mean more coal or it may mean mean
demand destruction and less use of power
generation or gas for industrial use.
For India specifically, it's problematic
for cooking gas, for example. They are
very dependent on LPG also for cooking
gas.
Um and and that's going to be an issue
even for fertilizer. I mean, it's it's a
you know, series of of commodities that
are impacted.
What about as well
I mean, as you said, we're taking a lot
of supply offline, but we're also
prolonging expansion products or
projects rather that were underway. Just
talk to us about that.
Yeah, so the what's interesting is that
there are two large global LNG suppliers
right now. The two largest are the US
and Qatar. And both are undergoing
massive expansion of their capacity.
And Qatar not only now has halted its
existing
volume, so volumes of existing capacity,
but it really also underlines increased
uncertainty uncertainty with the future
volumes of its expansion.
So, as we as we see further damage, but
also security vulnerability around
Ras Laffan and its geography, not only
because it's sharing this big large
field with Iran, but also because it's
it has to use the Strait of Hormuz
to evacuate those cargoes. There is
increasingly, you know, a big
uncertainty hanging over this massive
expansion.
And
yeah, that that's something that was
when I saw the headline Leslie yesterday
when things were kicking off.
You know, to some extent I was looking
at that relationship Qatar and Iran.
Obviously, the period of stability was I
guess somewhat sufficient to to keep the
status quo.
How how should we be looking at that
relationship after this?
I think it's crucial.
The future of the Iran leadership of
what is going to emerge after the war is
going also to determine the future of
the Qatari expansion and of the exports
because Iran and Qatar are sharing the
world's largest gas field.
>> [snorts]
>> And
you need to to have some joint
agreement on how to produce this field
because gas migrate from one side to the
other within the field and if you
produce more on one side, it impacts the
other side. And there is this kind of
tacit agreement between the two
countries.
We know also that Qatar had a
a self-imposed moratorium on its gas
production until
2017 and it couldn't have lifted it
without the approval from Iran. Now, if
we come to another leadership
that is um
more pro-American, that could be the
best outcome from for Qatar because it
would remove a huge uncertainty
on how the future of this field like
what's the what is going to govern the
the future of this field and
a more [snorts] pragmatic government
could
realize that it's in its own interest to
continue whatever existed before to
govern the field. Now, if we have a
government that is like whatever is
remaining from the Revolutionary Guards
or
a government that is adopting a more
resource nationalism posture or if we
see a civil war or more fragmentation,
that could put really at stake
the the agreement that govern the the
shared field.
Leslie, I just need to to jump in here
with some lines we're getting from
President Trump. So, he is talking about
the attack that happened on Iran's South
Pars gas facilities. We of course
understand that's being contained, but
it is an attack that is the first on
Iran's upstream facilities since the war
began and as well an important
field essentially for supply to the
domestic market as well as to
neighboring Iraq and Turkey. President
Trump is is now responding to that
saying that it knew or the US knew
nothing about this particular attack and
that there'll be no more attacks as well
he's saying by Israel on South Pars. So,
that's what he's calling for. And also
threatening to attack the the the South
Pars field if Qatar LNG is is hit. He is
threatening to attack
rather to to retaliate if Qatar's LNG is
attacked again. I mean, how do you how
do you respond to this this commentary
from from President Trump and do you
think that there is
perhaps
a need or a push really that we're going
to see from the White House to
essentially de-escalate
the situation or attempt to?
So, what's interesting is that last
summer,
I believe that was already a strike on
South Pars.
Maybe not much damage being done and it
was more signal being sent. And I think,
you know, whether it's Kharg Island or
South Pars, the US and Israel have the
operational military capabilities to
strike those fields and resources.
Striking those resources would put in
danger the
source of revenues
for a more pro-American government in
the future. So, I that's one of the main
reason why they want to avoid
to target those energy infrastructure.
However, it's still the Revolutionary
Guards that are in charge of exports and
as a result, they're getting the
revenues from those oil exports that are
going mostly to China, for instance.
So, if there is a need for escalation
and to remove those revenues to shorten
the war, I don't think, you know, Israel
or the US would hesitate. Now,
I think the those comments from
President Trump means that the ball is
in the camp of Iran. You know, if you
want to de-escalate and and stop
targeting also the Gulf countries, it's
on your side. I would note that all the
Gulf countries right now are telling
President Trump not to like to finish
completely the job because they are
going to be
um
uh more at risk if there are still some
revolutionary guards that retain some
power and some military capabilities
because we've seen and the world has
seen how their reputation has been
damaged and how um
in the future the
the trust that their customers for oil
and gas are going to put into these
countries will depend on how secure
and reliable those supplies are going to
be.
Leslie, just just very quickly if you
can. What's the best case scenario now?
Um so the best case scenario is that
we're entering a phase where the Iranian
leadership from the Islamic Republic has
been sufficiently degraded
that it you know, most of the launchers
have been um
removed.
Um
same for the drones and their factories.
So whatever is left is their inventories
and now they're lashing out and and
striking everything but they have a
depleted inventory and a depleted
ability to strike. Their proxies also
are increasingly degraded from Hamas to
Hezbollah in Lebanon.
The Houthis have been quiet because they
may understand that you know they don't
want to face the same fate as the other
um proxies.
Um and also they understand that Iran
cannot bring them more weapons and and
other resources.
So I think Iran is very isolated right
now even if you know, China and Russia
are
are maybe sharing some intelligence
they're not coming to the rescue.
So the best scenario would be another
two three weeks four weeks of war.
Reopening of the Strait of Hormuz
in the coming weeks.
Um
and from then you know, Israel I think
has mentioned today that they would
protect the population from the sky and
now their destiny is within their hands
and if they want to go into the street
and start another um
you know, protests and um march um to to
bring to an end um this
uh regime that has you know, um
obstructed all their liberty and freedom
for 47 years it's in within their hands.
Leslie, thank you so much for staying
up. Uh Leslie Guzman there uh
founder of Energy Vista joining us out
of New York. Okay,
we there's a lot to unpack in this
this message coming through out of the
US president um chiming in on
perhaps what to expect.
Um
um
if you simply just look at the entire
message or in post and look specifically
at what is in all caps which I think is
the first thing that I would do because
there's a lot to to unpack here. No more
attacks will be made
by Israel and he pertaining to this
extremely valuable energy asset the
South Pars field unless Iran unwisely
decides to attack
in this case
Qatar, right? So it's interesting
because he's putting all these things
together
in a sense that I I need to go back to
the start of this message in fact here.
So let me just read it out.
So Israel
out of anger for what has taken place
has violently lashed out at a major
facility
South Pars
uh in Iran.
A small section of the hole has been
hit. The US knew nothing about that
attack
uh and that Qatar was in no way involved
in it and did not have any idea it was
actually going to happen.
Unfortunately the president says Iran
also did not know this
and unjustifiably
then attacked a portion
of this gas facility this major LNG
facility which we now understand two of
the three fires have now been contained.
So it it seems that the last 12 hours if
I could count my 12 hours
has entered a cycle of
who did what escalation and where did
this start?
But but yeah, but fairly I mean you can
No, I think it's very interesting as
well. I mean it to me it seems like a
clear attempt at de-escalation and it
maybe points to also the political pain
that Trump is experiencing at home and
what you're seeing as well being
reflected not just in the Fed but also
in bond markets as well. But our team is
currently hosting a live Q&A on this
subject uh what the the the essentially
the situation in in the Strait of Hormuz
means not just for for for China, rest
of Asia, global story as well. But if
you are a Bloomberg digital or terminal
subscriber you can ask us questions. So
do join that if you're interested at
always available as well for replay
later on. But that is happening right
now and this is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, welcome back. Just want to break
news in the last few minutes or so and
hence why Brent prices are well were
above 5% at one point still
substantially higher for the day. This
seems to be as Bill correctly pointed
out this seems to be a move from the
president to de-escalate what seemed to
be an escalation of the last couple of
hours or so.
Um
you know, who's who was behind this
who's in charge and who started all of
this because I think when you woke up
this morning Asia Pacific what to energy
markets were two things. One was you had
this massive gas facility
in Qatar
and we are trying to ascertain based on
the commentary coming through from the
Qataris that they now said we're looking
at quite severe damage here and to what
extent that can be uh brought back
online. Separately of course in Iran
South Pars and who attacked and the US
said they had no idea. Yeah. Which I
find very interesting cuz it's sort of a
an attribution of blame I guess and and
a distancing that we're seeing and as
we'll be discussing it's it's also that
question of of
why is Trump feeling the need to make
that right now or that that that
statement and and maybe does point to
the huge amount of political pressure
he's facing at home. There's
you know, the majority of Americans do
not support this sort of intervention.
Uh you're seeing of course gasoline
prices that are continuing to rise.
There's lots of pressure. There's lots
of questions around
inflation or resurgence of inflation
stagflation. What does it mean for the
Fed? It's it's it's a very uh
precarious situation he finds himself in
especially when going into this he was
thinking it would be a short-term
conflict. It's certainly not uh shaping
up that way. Yeah. Um
our Laura Davison a few days back put it
very
um clearly in fact. So we have to
distinguish between US efforts
to de-escalate the war
if we're seeing that at all
versus US efforts to address the
symptoms
of what's going on because of the war
that's taken place and of course the
damage we're seeing across
energy markets. Speaking of damage one
glance at equity markets will tell you
everything you need to know about the
damage in markets today. Nikkei, Kospi,
Taiwan and Hong Kong coming up on your
screens very shortly and we are seeing
quite a sell-off right now. Volumes
still are on the lighter side of things.
Yeah, but just to say I mean every
sector is in the red today except for
energy of course standing out. But if
you do want more information just a
reminder our team is currently hosting a
live Q&A again on on this situation in
the Strait of Hormuz particularly
focusing on what it means for China, the
rest of Asia, global story of course the
implications. But if you are a Bloomberg
digital or terminal subscriber you can
ask us questions. So do join that. It's
also available for playback later on. So
this is happening right now and you're
watching Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, welcome back. You're watching
the China show. Just to recap the
breaking news in case you missed that
Truth Social post out of the US
president talking about a few things but
effectively saying that the US had
nothing knew nothing about the attack
uh on I think it's South Pars he's
talking about here and that it then led
to this escalation between uh Iran
Israel and Qatar and we're now looking
at oil assets. Now the interpretation
markets are taking from this is a good
thing
when you look at how the direction of
assets right now with oil was about 5%
we're now at 3.8 and US futures are now
also in fact at session highs. We're now
up 11 points on
E-mini futures here. Yeah, you're
certainly seeing a sort of a I guess you
could say a touch of relief that's
coming across markets but a very low
baseline as well because of course
coming into the session today was
we'd seen equity futures or equities in
the US that were moving low. We'd seen
yields that were moving high
particularly at the front end and we
have the Fed decision of course and J
Powell just saying it's really too early
to tell. It's such a busy week for
central bank decisions and that is
really sort of the key question that
comes out of every meeting for policy
makers. How are they thinking about this
situation and how long it persists as
well. What are the energy implications
and this is a region of course Asia that
is particularly exposed to what's going
on in the Middle East.
>> Yeah, and you know what the short answer
is I think there is that they're saying
they don't know because a lot will
depend on how long we be in the
situation. Really, more related news
here. So, each high news a headline
crossing the Bloomberg terminal.
Speaking of surcharges and fuel
surcharges and airlines, several Chinese
airlines will be raising as expected
that tariff on fuel.
That one just coming through as well.
It's also worth pointing out we're
hearing from Okay, we're not also
hearing from the Japanese.
As we look at dollar yen at 160
that they can't manage economic policy
for the purpose simply of influence
influencing effects. That's just to say
160 is a level we're tracking on dollar
yen and whether or not that will be
intervention levels. And of course,
we're moving into the BOJ at some point
should be breaking any moment now. So,
all the confluence of factors coming
together here, Bill. Yeah, and it's
certainly been a day as well we've
really watched what's happening in the
EM effects space because you had the
Philippine peso for instance moving past
that key 60 level
and the the Korean one as well moving
around 1500.
>> 1500, right?
>> Yeah, so it's another key one to watch.
But again, just coming back to those
inflationary pressures and and what is
the impact for these major energy
importers in this region? Yeah, you
know, the guy who joined us about 20
minutes back said when you look at the
damage you look at South Asia a lot
very dependent and exposed to
energy gas supply coming out of the
Middle East, Southeast Asia of course.
And you see that in the currency
markets.
>> Bangladesh, Pakistan, you know, it's a
it's a lot of different countries. Yes,
okay. So,
lots to unpack in fact coming up in the
next segment here.
ING actually, we actually
asked ING to join us to talk about the
Bank of Japan meeting. That conversation
has now shifted. We'll be talking about
Korea and this poll axing we're getting
there in as far as the currency is
concerned. What the impact really will
be. Anyway, stay tuned for that
interview coming through as well.
There's also an earnings under tone
across these markets to tell you about.
So, Tencent is one earnings reaction
there. Alibaba is coming out with
earnings later today.
Apart from that,
travel of course will be will be getting
into that of course coming through as
well in a conversation in about a couple
of minutes or so and really what we're
seeing as far [music] as that is
concerned. Oil prices, oil energy energy
counters on your screens.
An update of markets and all those
things we just flagged in a couple of
minutes. We'll be back shortly. We'll
take a short break.
This is the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are just [music] about to go
into their lunch break. We bring you a
live shot here this morning of the
outside of the BOJ. Of course, we're on
watch for that decision. It'll be an
interesting one because usually the more
consensus there is the earlier you get
it in the mornings. But at the same time
today of course, the complicating factor
is what's going on in the Middle East
and how policy makers are thinking about
that as well. So, leave you there with a
check on our markets. But it's really
just again trying to understand that
risk from what's happening in the Middle
East. Yeah, and you know, the BOJ
arguably was already behind the curve
there. And then whether they this
actually forces their hand to at least
sound more hawkish this time given that
inflation is quite there. And yeah, I
mean the this live shot is not something
of course we normally do.
Of course, on the ground there at the
BOJ. The normal shot they actually get
is out the office into the Imperial
Palace, Marunouchi where I think you
have a little bit of the Palace Hotel.
Slightly to the left it's the I think
it's Imperial Hotel.
Slightly beside that I think is the
Peninsula actually. Speaking of Speaking
of I was going there. I was going
somewhere with that. The operator of the
Peninsula Hotel brand has returned to an
annual profit posting full year net
income 41 million US dollars. Joining us
exclusively here on set, Benjamin
Vuchot, CEO at The Hong Kong and
Shanghai Hotels. Very nice to see you.
Sorry to keep you waiting. We've had
some breaking news. So, thank you for
being patient. Good morning. I know you
have a property
in the Middle East in in in Turkey. Just
to ask how's the staff doing? Is
everything Is everything okay?
Everything's okay. I mean, the
hospitality world is a very emotional
business. Geopolitical events happen
sadly
all the time. And I think our teams are
always prepared to stick together and
also ensure that the guest experience is
also there to help. Sometimes, you know,
inbound visitors who may not have a
choice but to stay in our hotel a bit
longer than they had initially expected.
So, everything well. Thank you very much
for asking. You you don't have I mean,
that's the closest I guess that you get
to the Middle East in terms of your
properties. But but how are you thinking
about the impact of what's going on
there because we're seeing for instance
a lot of flight cancellation, there's
cost of living pressures. Do you see it
showing up at all? There's no doubt that
for a company like us, the Hong Kong and
Shanghai Hotels with the owner and
operator of the Peninsula Hotel brand,
disruptions in the Middle East have a
global impact. And and it's the same
impact that other hotel operators are
suffering. The main cause is really for
us is airlift and routing. So,
all prices will impact airfare prices.
And we're also seeing some
cancellations. People are not able to go
where they wanted to go. But I don't
think it's we are being worse off than
any other operator at the moment. In
fact, we do not have a presence in the
Middle East particularly in the area
where conflicts are.
And while we know we we benefit from a
very very strong patronage of guests
coming from the region,
we know we are we are suffering some
cancellations. But I think it's too
early to say if this will have a major
impact to our overall business. We're
you know, waiting to understand how this
situation will unfold.
We know that we at least I understand
that you in previous months you have
been visiting
the Middle East of course. I wonder
whether Did you have any concrete How
far along were your any any potential
plans for that and whether or not what's
happening there is kind of making you
rethink
some longer term initiatives there?
Well, Hong Kong and Shanghai Hotels
celebrated 160 years
this month.
So, it's you know, it's a it's a very
long-term view company. In fact,
we have a quite balanced business today.
25% of our properties are in the United
States, another 25% in Europe and the
rest is in Asia balanced between North
Asia and Southeast Asia. So, I would say
that we we have we are able to mitigate
events global events in general. And
this is really what what I think is a
strength. The other thing that you know,
most most of of people may not know is
that on top of hotels that we have
around the world, we also have a very
strong business out of Hong Kong with
commercial properties. We operate this
this very very famous Peak Tram that
takes you know, this is the most visited
attraction after Hong Kong Disneyland to
take all the visitors local and tourist
up on the peak. And that exposure to
Hong Kong at the moment I think is a is
a sign of balance and is a sign of sort
of mitigating potential
travel industry related disruptions that
we may suffer.
Yeah, let's get more into the numbers
because we've been showing here probably
one of the highlights swinging back into
the black for the full year. But what
what stood out to you in the metrics?
Well, it was really a strong year 2025.
I joined the the company about a year
ago. And really the team what was really
focusing on on a couple of things. This
return to profitability was a big goal
for all of us.
The good news it's really been driven by
hotel operations. While our revenues
grow in total by 11%,
our operating profits grew by 43%. So,
really a good good demonstration of the
underlying business fundamentals which
are very strong. The rest of the
business also
performed quite well. So, the we are you
know,
I would say luxury is more resilient in
hospitality at the moment. Our guest
enjoy the how much care we take of their
the brand and how service levels are
protected. But at the same time,
my goal was also to bring back some
performance to the the company and
making sure that while we protect the
brand, we also make use of the assets.
And and I think the results are proving
that this was the right thing to do over
the last 12 months. A year into the job,
you mentioned you wanted to bring
performance back. Performance is one
part. The other thing I think is
transform if I'm not mistaken perform
and transform. What does that mean in
Well, that's simple English. What does
it actually mean? Well, what it means is
that
you know, with a company that's so
stable and that has a very very good
balanced business between hospitality
and commercial property assets,
there really is a an opportunity to
capitalize on what we have and bring
more value now with grow what we have
now which is the perform part in order
to transform which is to go back into a
growth mindset.
For the last couple of years, we had a
very capital incentive intensive
campaign. We opened more hotels in in
Europe.
We are now you know, into stabilizing
benefiting from those recent openings
but preparing also for the future. And
the transformation
is really about our business model
particularly on the hotel side. We we
are one of the few hotel companies that
still own
all of their hotels. In fact, 25% of our
hotels have we have a minority
shareholder. But
we act as a minority shareholder. Our
way forward is we need to bring more of
an asset light
strategy which is more partnerships,
less ownership. So, it's not something
totally new for the Hong Kong and
Shanghai Hotels. As I said, 25% of our
properties are already in in a shared
ownership perspective. But this is
really about making sure that we can
engage into a growth strategy but also
capital
have have more partnerships and
capitalize on those on those
partnerships to grow faster than maybe
what we could have done alone.
So, we think we're very confident that
this is the right thing to do. This is
something that many
hotel luxury operators have been doing
for for many years. And it's for us
about, you know, to do it at the right
pace. Volume is not what we're chasing.
We're chasing where our guests want us
to go next. And this is really about,
you know, being
growth oriented but with an intention.
So, it's intentional growth.
And to grow, you need to make sure that
you're strong and that you perform. So,
perform and transform is really the two
pillars for our strategy. We coined it
Vision 2035. We
We was just finished after 1 year of
strategic review, which was completed in
December last year and endorsed by the
board. You mentioned it's nothing new,
the 25%, which is
a part of the business you don't fully
run, of course.
Is it Is it accurate to say you want to
see that piece of the pie take up a
larger portion
of the business? I think in fact what we
want to make sure is that we we have
choices in how we run the business.
There's lots of benefits of owning and
operating hotel operations.
And there's also, you know, to grow
faster, you can go into a very asset
light model. In fact, having skin in the
game is what has differentiated the Hong
Kong and Shanghai Hotels. We have 20% of
our hotel in Paris, 20% of our hotel in
Beverly Hills,
and and many other joint ventures that
we have around the world.
So, is it asset heavy? Is it asset
light? Or is it more asset right?
And I think this is what really is
driving us now in making choices for the
future and making sure that we go where
our guests want us to go. We capitalize
on this change of travel patterns, which
is more about luxury experiences, not
just about a fancy, beautiful hotel
room, but also what dining experiences,
what wellness experiences are we going
to provide. And what are the experiences
we can bring outside of the four walls
of a luxury hotel. We're very very
famous for our car rallies that we
arrange either in California or recently
in Tokyo. And we're about to launch one
in Scotland this year. This is nothing
to do with a physical hotel, but this is
how do we stay connected and build
loyalty with our with our guest and
create luxury moment luxury experiences
and and and celebrate moments together.
Yeah, and as you said, luxury a little
bit more resilient in times like these.
Well, Benjamin, thanks so much for
joining us this morning. That was
Benjamin Vuchot, the CEO at The Hong
Kong and Shanghai Hotels. Just a quick
check on markets as we go into break. We
are seeing again lots of pain across the
screen this morning, but
well, yeah, coming off a little bit of
relief perhaps after President Trump's
comments, but still [music] we are in
the red across every single sector
barring energy. More ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Okay.
Welcome back.
BOJ decision is
imminent.
Um
that's not really the story when you
look at what's happening in oil and gas
markets. Although, we'll see what the
BOJ said. Depends on what they do. Our
attention has been forced into
EM economies that are massive or net
energy importers. Japan, of course, is
one of them. They're not an EM. Korea's
big one.
In fact, let's just let's let's let's
let's have a look at these two, but
start with Korea. Joining us now is
Minju Kang, senior South Korean Japan
economist at ING. Minju, thank you for
joining us. Good morning. I know we are
the initial agenda for this morning's
date was Japan,
but I need to start with Korea if that's
okay.
How are you What What is your assessment
of the country's exposure
to the conflict in terms of energy
security?
And so, actually the recent reports on,
you know, all the attacks on the energy
facility in the Middle East clearly, you
know,
you know, dampening the market
sentiment, also feeling the concerns
that the energy price will stay higher
for longer even if this tension ease.
And the Korea case is probably most
vulnerable to this energy shock because
of the very high uh
the dependency on the Middle East oil
and gas. And but the thing is that, you
know, for Korea case, you know, they
have
I large reserves to cover, you know, up
to probably 6 month of, you know, oil.
And and also the government's very
proactively intervening the market to
stabilize the the the prices. So, for
example, they they set up they already
implemented this a price cap measure.
So, they want to reduce the burden for
the consumers.
I think it will help to alleviate the
this
the oil price surge for for temporarily
at least.
However, if, you know, this tensions get
longer, then probably, you know, they
will have to find more
other solutions. Now, what we are seeing
is that the government is trying to find
alternative energy sources, not only
from the US, but also they are tapping
the import of the the oil and gas from
Russia again.
Yeah, and and and on that, I mean, we
saw, for instance, the government
imposing a price cap on gasoline,
diesel, kerosene last week for the first
time in about three decades. But
does that does that sort of change the
longer-term trajectory around inflation,
do you think?
Actually,
if, you know, because ING has our base
case scenario for this war scenario. And
if this
interruption of supply stays no longer
than a month of time, then probably the
impact on the economy should be very
limited. And we believe that, you know,
the negative impact will be very
concentrated in the second quarter of
the this year. However, you're going to
see more gradual recovery from this
shock. And also the the government is,
you know, planning to draft a
supplementary budget. The the size is
estimated to be near 20 trillion won.
So, with with that, you know,
supplementary budget,
I'm I'm sure that, you know, it is going
to kind of mitigate the short-term shock
for for for the economy.
And how should we expect the the
currency specifically
to move short-term? Should we expect a
further adjustment in the currency
weaker? Or will the, you know, the
government in some ways try and I'll
borrow your phrase, mitigate some of the
currency movements.
For the currency movement, you know, in
Korea, we kind of tend to stay 1,500
level is very critical. And also we
expect that some interventions
will come in to play. However, this
time, actually the,
you know, the weak Korean won is most
mostly driven by the strong dollar US
dollar. So, we believe that this
intervention is not going to be very
significant to impact or change the
direction of this
Korean won weakness. So, for now, we
believe that, you know, we have to see
more upside for the the Korean won
level. So, for now, we believe that, you
know, the the the short-term range, we
believe that, you know, it's going to be
more 1450 to 1550 level the range. So,
and given that the very high, you know,
high beta currency as, you know, the
Korean won has the nature. So, that's
why we believe that, you know, the range
should be very wide. And also, you know,
expect a quite a large volatility in
near near term depending on the
situation in the Middle East.
Let's also
keep on that currency story, but take a
look what's happening in Japan because,
of course, we're tracking the Korean the
Japanese yen, rather, trading back down
to around 160 right now. It seems like,
of course, intervention is is the word
of the day for both Japan and Korea. And
actually, just on that, we've just had
the BOJ keeping its its rate unchanged
at 0.75%
and actually adding as well the Middle
East to the list of economic risks. This
was a vote very much the consensus,
eight to one to keep rates unchanged.
So, just one dissenter and very much
according to our economist forecast as
well. So, the BOJ decision just out, as
we said, that overnight call rate at
0.75%.
Just give us your initial reaction to
that. Of course, it was very much
expected by economists.
Yeah, actually, you know, the today's,
you know,
on hold decision was widely expected.
We probably think that, you know, the
BOJ would like to have more time to
assess evaluate how the situation in the
Middle East is going to might have, you
know, might impact on the economy. Also,
they like to wait the outcomes of, you
know, spring wage negotiation results,
which will come in in
in April. And also, they like to, you
know, kind of assess more about the
their earlier rate hikes on the economy.
So, these factors should be the, you
know, the reason for the on hold
decision. Going forward,
you know, it's going to be how, you
know, governor is governor Ueda is going
to communicate at the the press
conference. Markets will, you know, very
closely, you you know, watch that, you
know, his remarks. However, we believe
that, you know, governor Ueda not drop
any hint
for the at the timing of the next rate
hike because the BOJ would like to keep
maximum, you know, flexibility for their
policy decision.
We believe that they're going to repeat
their more directional trend that, you
know, you know, we have heard several
times already. Like, you know, if the
economy continues to recover and
inflation approaches to 2%
in line with the BOJ's outlook, then,
you know, the BOJ will, you know,
continue to adjust their policy
conditions. So, we believe that and also
you know, the way how they he addressed
the about the upside risk of the
upside risk of the inflation versus
downside risk for the you know, growth.
That probably gave kind of hint for the
the timing of the
BOJ's rate action in coming month.
Minju, I'm just going to read through
some of the parts of the statement out
for your benefit, hopefully clear.
It's actually rare that we get a
reference, specific reference in the
statement to an external event so
frequently. The Middle East has come up
at least three or four times
in the statements.
That it is one of the risks that they're
tracking very closely,
that the recent oil price rise will be
helping them boost inflation. It's
obviously something that they're noting
they're noting in as far as how quickly
oil prices have risen. Mhm. While we
don't know when they will move next and
to your point, they might just keep the
door very open
and and and vague on that.
Near term though, what impact do you see
to the consumer because of this all the
oil price the oil price references that
the Bank of Japan is just laying out for
us now?
Actually,
we believe that because, you know, the
government set out this price cap
measure effective today. So, we're going
to see this impact will coming through
for next couple of weeks and then we are
going to see some stabilization of, you
know, gas prices at the station.
However, yes, um but the thing is like
at the rising oil prices is
can
in a way dampen the
the consumer's purchasing power on more
discretionary consume consumption goods
and services. So, in that sense that,
you know, it could
in a way that, you know, what they're
the BOJ's looking for is the more
sustainable
you know, inflation underlying inflation
growth. But, however, this higher oil
prices may dampen the you know, consumer
consumer
consumption recovery.
So, that's why we believe that, you
know, the BOJ may want to see really
this, you know, this trend is transit
transitory or it's going to have a more
prolonged impact on the inflation
expectations. However, like you
mentioned that, you know, it's very rare
that, you know, to see this comment on
their statement. So, which means that,
you know, they really kind of see the
more significant impact of this
situation on the inflation. So, I I can
tell that, you know, they are more
concerned about this near term inflation
hike inflation hike is going to have
boost more inflation inflation
expectation rather than they kind of
worries about the this impact on the
consumption negative impact on the
consumption side.
Minju, thanks so much for joining us. As
we said, the BOJ keeping its rates
unchanged at 0.75% but very much
flagging the risks around the
the impact of what's going on the Middle
East in particular. That was Minju
Kang there joining us from ING Bank, the
senior South Korean Japan economist. And
terminal subscribers can of course turn
to to
>> [music]
>> the the terminal for more on this. T
live go, that's your function. We've got
a Bank of Japan monetary policy decision
blog [music] underway right now. So, do
check that out. More ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China show just
recapping what has been out in the last
couple of minutes here. That's the BOJ
keeping its overnight call rate at 0.75%
very much expected. I think if there's
anything that's come out and and the
nuance of this so far is just how much
what's happening in Iran is is factoring
into at least their their outlook and
and their ruminations essentially. Which
is rare, right? That they reference
something external so many times which
market reaction not a lot. Cash markets
are shut. You look at futures also not a
lot there. I think it's worth pointing
out this hour with the big news with
reference to Iran was the the post from
the US president which seems to There we
go. Helping de-escalate the situation.
Markets are responding. US future
session highs. We're off lows here in
the Asia Pacific.
Yeah, but I would also caveat that I
guess just with with saying that we have
seen volumes that are looking pretty
thin across the board. And when you
actually drill down into the sectors, I
mean, it's been [music] pretty much
every single one in the red by energy of
course that's continuing to move to the
upside though. As you said, we have seen
I guess
>> [music]
>> a little bit of relief perhaps seeping
into sentiment as well. But, that's it
for the China show. Insight with
Haslinda Aminas next. Do stay with us.